Add groupings for the various diagnostics (#82002)
swiftlang/swift: userdocs/diagnostics/existential-any.md

> # Existential any (`ExistentialAny`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Existential `any` (`ExistentialAny`)
```

Author: Given Doug's point about backticks not rendering, I might just remove them all from the titles.

> `any` existential type syntax.

Reviewer: I would so much prefer the book to just call them existential. The "boxed" in "boxed protocol type" is overloaded and uncatchy, and the "protocol" is just not accurate.

> `any` was introduced in Swift 5.6 to explicitly mark "existential types", ie. boxed types that

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`any` was introduced in Swift 5.6 to explicitly mark "existential types", i.e., boxed types that
```

Author: I know that this is technically correct, but I do so hate it 😞. Seems like I snuck my `eg.` through though 😉

> `any` was introduced in Swift 5.6 to explicitly mark "existential types", ie. boxed types that
> conform to a protocol. For source compatibility, these are not diagnosed by default except for a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`any` was introduced in Swift 5.6 to explicitly mark "existential types", ie. abstract boxed types that
conform to a set of constraints. For source compatibility, these are not diagnosed by default except for a
```

Maybe there’s a better way to phrase this, but we also have subclass and constrained existentials.

warning for protocols with `Self` or associated type requirements (as these were introduced in the

> same version):

Reviewer: It is existential types constrained to these protocols that were introduced, not the protocols themselves.
